Wish love
This fruit room
Persimmons surround the gate of the imperial city, but they argue
What should I do?
Your Majesty
Knocking outside the womb
Attack the government
proposal
Loyal to defend the country
His heart can be expressed
Prime Minister
I'm asking you how to solve it
Don't go around in circles for me here
Anzhi
Kouque outside the womb
His Majesty must accept
Is there no room for manoeuvre?
No, either His Majesty promised them
Or His Majesty will punish him from the crowd
melee
They asked me to convict myself, Zhao
I also listen to them
Your Majesty, now I am greater than the country
Frequent natural disasters
Wars everywhere
rape
Prime Minister, what does this mean?
I think Your Majesty is guilty now
Review your own mistakes
It's okay to ask God for forgiveness
The prime minister's words are bad
I am the Son of Heaven
How could it be wrong?
Your Majesty
Shangyun Youyun's 20,000 parties are guilty of one person
A man is guilty without an ear
All people are wrong
The Son of Heaven is now sinful
The people are wrong, it's their fault
Make them admit their mistakes
What does it have to do with me?
I don't take this pot
Your Majesty, all dynasties and kings have sinned against themselves
They are them
I am I
I am a wise king from ancient times to the present
How could it be wrong?
Now the prince is diligent and hard-working
A little careless
Kong Liang became a disaster
I'd like to see what disaster it can cause
Where is the marching leader?